Describe certificates' reconciliation in points (#369)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/contributor/06-10-certs.md

# Certification management

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Overview

```

> BTP Manager maintains two Secrets, `ca-server-cert` and `webhook-server-cert`, which are used to allow for communication within BTP Operator webhooks and thus allow for the creation of resources like ServiceInstances and ServiceBindings. The `ca-server-cert`, `webhook-server-cert`, and their CA Bundles are kept in sync by using the reconciliation mechanism, which means that every manual change in these resources the user makes automatically triggers the regeneration of all three resources.

Reviewer: Can we switch to more active voice?

```suggestion
BTP Manager maintains two Secrets, `ca-server-cert` and `webhook-server-cert`. They are used for communication within BTP Operator webhooks and for the creation of resources like ServiceInstances and ServiceBindings. The [reconciliation mechanism](#reconciliation_mechanism) syncs the two Secrets and their CA Bundles, which means that whenever the user manually changes them, they are automatically regenerated.
```

Which are "all three"? The two Secrets and their CA Bundles? Aren't those four at least ("bundles" implies at least two)?

> BTP Manager maintains the resources by creating, deleting, and updating actions during the reconciliation. The goal is to keep `ca-server-cert`, `webhook-server-cert`, and their CA Bundle in sync all the time. The scheduled reconciliation also checks the certificates’ expiration dates, and if it detects that a certificate expires soon, it regenerates it in advance so that the processes run smoothly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BTP Manager maintains the resources by creating, deleting, and updating actions during the reconciliation. The goal is to keep `ca-server-cert`, `webhook-server-cert`, and their CA Bundles in sync all the time. The scheduled reconciliation also checks the certificates’ expiration dates, and if it detects that a certificate expires soon, it regenerates it in advance so that the processes run smoothly.
```

> BTP Manager maintains the resources by creating, deleting, and updating actions during the reconciliation. The goal is to keep `ca-server-cert`, `webhook-server-cert`, and their CA Bundles in sync all the time. The scheduled reconciliation also checks the certificates’ expiration dates, and if it detects that a certificate expires soon, it regenerates it in advance so that the processes run smoothly.

Author: I used the information from [this version](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/blob/main/docs/contributor/06-10-certs.md) of the doc.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Reconciliation mechanism

```

![Certification management diagram](../assets/certs.svg)

1.	Certification reconciliation is triggered by one of the three events: scheduled reconciliation, editing [BtpOperator CR](/api/v1alpha1/btpoperator_types.go), or using custom watchers founded on Secret and Webhook resources. 

> 2.	First, during provisioning, BTP Manager checks if a self-signed CA certificate, `ca-server-cert`, exists. If it doesn't exist:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.	During provisioning, BTP Manager checks if a self-signed CA certificate, `ca-server-cert`, exists. If it doesn't exist:  
```

I'd avoid "first" because it's point two :D I understand that point 1 describes the trigger and point 2 the first thing that happens after the trigger, but still it looks a bit weird.

    a.	BTP Manager generates the certificate.  
    b.	Based on that, the application creates a signed certificate, `webhook-server-cert`, which is mounted under the deployment.  

>     c.	The webhooks have a CA Bundle field set to the content of `ca-server-cert,` and BTP Manager manages this field; certificates' reconciliation is complete.  

Reviewer: What does "reconciliation is complete" mean? Is this the result of step 2?

Author: Yes, that's right. Please look at the diagram.
